Moses--1--39--0--For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.
Matthew--5--14--16--Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
1 Nephi--3--7--0--And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall cprepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
Moses--7--18--0--And the Lord called his people Zion, because they were of one heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness; and there was no poor among them.
Matthew--11--28--30--Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
2 Nephi--2--25--0--Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
D&C--1--37--38--Search these commandments, for they are true and faithful, and the prophecies and promises which are in them shall all be fulfilled. What I the Lord have spoken, I have spoken, and I excuse not myself; and though the heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but shall all be fulfilled, whether by mine own voice or by the voice of my eservants, it is the same.
Abraham--3--22--23--Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were many of the noble and great ones; And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast born.
2 Nephi--2--27--0--Wherefore, men are free according to the flesh; and all things are given them which are expedient unto man. And they are free to choose liberty and eternal life, through the great Mediator of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh that all men might be miserable like unto himself.
D&C--6--36--0--Look unto me in every thought; doubt not, fear not.
John--3--16--0--For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life
John--3--16--17--For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life; For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
